VIDEO 1  I'm gonna give you an Upwork coverletter that you can use word-for-word, even if you're a total beginner,who's never won a single Upwork job. Before we get into thecover letter itself, first, I'm gonna tell you my story of how Idiscovered what I was doing wrong as a beginner trying to win my firstUpwork job. I started out on Upwork, just like you. No clientreviews, no Upwork job history. I uploaded a photo entered, some work experience and a twoparagraph profile description. Then I just started sending proposalsone after another, after another. I sent over a hundred proposals...And didn't get a single response. I spent over $50 on connectand I almost gave up, but my family was depending on me tosucceed and I had to make it work. So I had to figure out whereI was going wrong. First, I looked at my Upwork profile. I hadbasically copy-pasted my LinkedIn profile. It was a disaster, absolutelyterrible. So I thought, "why not improve my profile by learningfrom the best?" So I signed up for a course on sales copywriting. And bythe time that I read through Step One, I knew exactly what I was doingwrong. My profile was focused on me, not on my client. I dothis. I help with that. I use these systems to get the jobdone. The one thing that I learned? Assume that your potentialclient doesn't care about you. So I totally overhauled my profileand changed it from me-focused, into client-focused. Then I startedsending out Upwork proposals again. I sent about 20 more proposals andI got a response. It was magical. It made me incredibly happy. I feltlike I was on top of the world... ...but they didn't hire me. So maybe overhauling my profile helped, but it wasn't everything. Iwent back to the drawing board. This time I looked atmy Upwork hourly rate. Was at my rate thatwas scaring people off? I had listed my rate at what I wantedto be making, but that got me wondering: I did a bit of searching and it lookedlike I was charging around about what everyone else was charging in my space.I thought, "well, this is normal. So I'm trying to chargewhat they charge, right?" Clearly the other people who were alreadyon Upwork had an advantage over me. They've been on Upwork for a long timeand had a ton of reviews. I didn't. At this point, I had to win workto just get started earning. So I dropped my hourly rate to halfof what I'd normally want to charge. But then I was like, "wait a second... What if I get locked into a jobwhere I'm working for cheap? And it's like an enormousproject. I wanna work, but I don't wanna workfor a low price forever" "But maybe once I get some goodfeedback, like the other people have, then clients will see I'mgood and I can raise my rate." So at the same time I lowered my rate. I also decided to stop bidding on bigjobs until I could charge a higher price. So I started sending proposalsagain. I sent another 32 proposals, and guess what happened? I got twopotential clients sending me messages! ...but they both hired someone else. But instead of just acceptingthe loss and keep trying, I did something different this time. I gently asked the potentialclient why she hired someone else. And she told me... Wow. I didn't have any Upwork clients, so I didn't have any work examplesto be able to show. So I thought, "how am I supposed to show work exampleswhen I don't have any clients?!" That's when I checkedout my profile again, and I discovered something incredible. You don't have to have an Upwork clientin order to upload work examples! A work example could bejust something I made. I felt like I had thegolden ticket at this point, since I didn't have any clients, Ijust made up an imaginary project, pretended that I had a client and juststarted making some examples of work that I might do, if I had a client who neededthat job done. They weren't amazing, but I wanted to make them as good as Ipossibly could so that potential clients could see that I knew what I was doing. I went ahead and created three solidwork examples for the kinds of jobs I was trying to apply for. And Iuploaded them to my profile. So at this point I had revampedmy profile, lowered my rate, stopped applying the big jobs,created solid work examples... ...and I even droppeda like on this video. Now it was down to the finalfrontier. My cover letter, I took everything I learned from my salescopywriting training and put all of my effort into writing awesome cover letters. I made sure that I customizedevery cover letter, focused on the clientand their frustrations, showed them I was motivatedand excited to work together, showed them examples of thework that I could do for them, and gave them a super-clear next stepto take if they wanted to work with me. And you know what happened?I won my first Upwork job. Here's the free cover letterI promised. It's all yours, but only if you promise to do the samethings that I did first. Here it is. See you in the next video.

 VIDEO 2  95% Of Upwork freelancers get theirjob proposals instantly archived. I'm going to show you the 8 hilariouslywrong things that they're doing so that you can be in the 5% that landthe big jobs. What's up guys, I'm Evan Fisher, Upworkfreelancer-turned-founderof Unicorn Capital. In the past four years, I'veearned over $1.5 million on Upwork, and I want to help you do the same. Your goal is to win jobs with greatclients that pay lots of money. Comment with the dollar sign downbelow if that's your goal on Upwork. My goal is to show you how to do thatwith a simple, repeatable process. So I'm about to break down the 8 thingsto avoid at all costs within your proposals, the golden rules tofollow to get 3x the replies, and the one secret that no one else istelling you. Let's go. Full disclosure: I'm not a sales copywriter.I haven't read all the books. All I know is what consistently workedfor me in attracting awesome Upwork clients who are a blast to workwith and who pay top dollar. The path of the job is prettystraightforward and we are on step one. People winning jobs on Upwork startswith a high-converting cover letter. So first, let's look at what peopleare doing wrong in their cover letter: Dear Sir / Madam. I amvery Confusion right now. I am certain that I fully understandyour job requirements. Oh really, do you now? Although it is true that I do nothave much professional experience. Yeah, don't do that. Ipromise that I will... Oh, you're making promises already?! Pleaseconsider my proposal... If it was good, you wouldn't be writing that. You asked for two relevant workexamples - I included four. So you don't listen, or what...? Ihave already done a draft of your job. You definitely don't listen. Here aremy questions about your job. Thank you, bye-bye! If you have done any of those, then you must leave a comment down below.It is physically impossible not to. About that last one: Yes, youshould be asking questions, but now is not the time todo it. Not in your proposal. Let's talk about where youshould be asking questions. As we get into the golden rulesfor proposals, wherever possible, use the client's first name. It showsthat the message is clearly personalized. You can find it in the feedbackhistory along those same lines. If you have the information,Google the business, because industry experience plays. But if you've worked withsomeone extremely similar, then do not mention them. Instead,here's what you should be doing: I've worked with anotherclient in this space, and I think you might find it veryinteresting to have a chat. That's it. Keep your proposals shortand sweet. Surprise! The highest paying clients don'thave time to read long messages! Then hit them with authority and socialproof. You have to show them your value. What I like to do to establishauthority is use client quotes from your profile. You also then have tobe offering a very clear CTA. There should be only one thing thatthat client has to do. And that CTA, that call-to-action, should beto book a call with you. Yes, you're going to have questions. You ask those questions eitherin a call form or on that call itself. Remember: the P.S. Plays. People will skim through an entiremessage, not even click your links, but will read the "P.S." Onthe bottom of the message. It is scientifically proven by someonethat I can't even remember their name. You've got to keep experimenting - you're going to find that you're goingto put in a lot more work when you're early on in your freelance journey, but the more work and more trackrecord that you have with clients, the more that your work,examples and projects, feedback is going to do the heavy liftingfor you. So, think you're ready to go? Hold on a second. The number onething that no one else will tell you, you have to read Upwork'sterms of service in full. This is not optional, people. Every single $1 million+ freelancer knowsthe terms of service like the back of their hand. The better youknow the terms of service, the more money you're going to make, because not doing this is like not readingan employment contract for $10,000. You show up on Monday, you worklike a dog all week and on Friday, you show up with the work and ask to bepaid, and the CEO's response is like, "thanks for the work. I'll take that,but we didn't approve for you to do that. So we're not going to be paying you."That is literally what you're setting yourself up for. And if you're sittingthere nodding your head, thinking, "Evan, I know the exact situation of how thatcan happen on Upwork," then I want you to comment with a 100 emoji down below.But don't spoil it for everyone! If you're kind of fuzzy or sittingthere thinking like, "yeah, I'm lost," Then the item at thetop of your to-do list is take an hour, read through and understandthe Upwork Terms of Service. I guarantee you it'll helpyou get your next job faster, which is what we're going to talkabout in this video right here. (Outtakes) Let's do another takethough. Don't even. Okay. So you, okay. So let's just, let's just like...OK, sank you bye... OK sank you bye.... Thank you, bye-bye. Okay,sank you bye-byeeeeeeeeeee...!

VIDEO 3  I can't even believe that I'mgiving you this right now. This has earned me over amillion dollars on Upwork, and you are going to want to listento every single second of this video. If you can consistentlywrite hard-hitting proposals, you will make a hundred thousand dollarson Upwork. It's just a matter of time, but sending great Upworkproposals that get clients, isn't just about a bag of tips andtricks that you need to gain all at once. It also isn't about combining 10,000different tips and tricks so that you magically win jobs, writing greatUpwork proposals is a system. And today I'm gonna break it down for you, and we're gonna write a proposalfrom scratch together. Word for word. This video is different andlonger, very much on purpose, and it will be best if you give meyour attention for the entire video, because not only are we gonna write anentire proposal from scratch and go into why some things workand some things don't, but I've also been hinting at somethingfor a while now on this channel, and it's big, and it's really important to anyonelooking to win more clients on Upwork. And it is finally here. I'll be offeringit to you near the end of this video. So I will appreciate it ifyou stick around until then, so you can understand whyI'm so excited about it. Let's talk about what I would do if Iwanted to write successful proposals from scratch right now, and this is gonna apply whether you'rean experienced freelancer or a total beginner. So I don't care if you've made ahundred thousand dollars or you're still looking for your first client.This is going to apply to you. Sending proposals on Upworkcan be extremely challenging. I know this from experience,clients might not respond to you. It might take you foreverto get an actual client. And that's a big problemfor a lot of people. And if you've ever beenthrough that process, you know that it's extremely difficult.If you wanna be successful on Upwork, then you gotta have the skillset tobe able to deliver dynamite proposals consistently over and over again.If you don't know anything about me, then here's a little bit of myUpwork track record. Show them what, what some of the stuff that I've done. I earned 1.5 million in myfirst four years on Upwork. Upwork put me on abillboard in Times Square. And I'm the highest-earning individualUpwork freelancer in the world. I also have the highest statuson Upwork being Expert Vetted. Now let's dive right in. Proposals are your lifebloodas a successful freelancer. An awesome proposal means that younever need to look for clients. Clients will just like find you. Writing a bad proposal consistentlymeans that you might never get a single client, and you're just gonna bespinning your wheels endlessly wondering, "why is this not working?" Thenumber one thing that you have to do, you have to break the barrier. You have to mentally get over yourinability to just send something out. I struggled with this so much. WhenI first got started, I was like, "oh my gosh, how are the clients going to thinkabout me when I send them something that maybe isn't that good orthat other freelancers havesent them something that is just fantastic, and mine is just,you know, kind of in the middle, not that great." You have to get outof that mental rabbit hole where you're just spending all of yourtime thinking, "oh my gosh, how is this not going to work?" Andactually flip the script around. If you're a beginner on Upwork, then the first thing that you have todo is you just have to send 10 proposals as a starter. That is yourbaseline, especially if they're bad, you have to do this because you have toget comfortable with the fact that not everything is going to work out. Even today with as many proposalsas I have sent, at least 90%, do not even get a response. Sobe comfortable with the Nos, understand that that is a fact of life. But if you are looking for asmany nos as you can possibly get, then you have just totally unlockedyour ability to just keep sending and sending and sending and play that numbersgame that is upward and build yourself up for the win. 73% of people report that they areoverthinking things and it stops them from doing what they should actually bedoing, which in this case, your job: start sending proposals. If you'venever sent a proposal before, then you've gotta send 10,whether they're good, bad, or in between just to getyourself comfortable with "yeah, I'm going to get the no," becausethe more nos that you get, the more yeses you will have peoplewho are enrolled in the Freelance MVP Profile and Proposals Academy have beenextremely successful using an earlier version of this framework. And the reason why it is so importantfor me to just get out there and start sending proposals is because forso many people, this stops them. And it's not just because they'venever sent a proposal before. It's because they get caught in analysisparalysis. And I mean, this sincerely: if you were to come tome and say, "Hey, Evan, I'm just starting on Upwork," or evenif you've been on Upwork for a little while, "how should I do this? What should I do first?" Whatever youknow about it, make some proposal, send 10 of them. Because at that point, the conversation that we could havewould be on a whole other level, just once you've gotten a couple ofupward proposals under your belt. Because at that point we can really starttalking about what will work for your proposals and what directions you can gowith them that will work once we've got that done, then we're gonna go backto the whiteboard for step two. Now that we've broken the barrierand just gotten started. Now, the first thing that we're goingto do is start writing things. And the one thing that you have tounderstand, that's really important. That just applies all across all thingsin life in sales and in marketing and, and especially in Upworkproposals is personalization. 72% of clients have said that they willonly engage with personalized marketing. So that means number one, do notcopy-paste. You're not allowed to do that. If you wanna be successful, then yes,you do have to personalize things. But guess what? It's going to be massively to your benefitbecause you're just going to win more and more jobs andrealize, "Hey, this works, I'm gonna do more of it." I'm gonnado it as much as I possibly can. Step two is personalizeyour hook and twist. Now they're two different pieces, but they operate together inthe first line of your proposal. You need to hook them in. You need to get them interestedin potentially engaging with you. I found that one of the easiest waysto hook in an Upwork client is just by personalizing your approach towardthem showing that you understand their issues, and really not justat the surface level of, "I need this done." It's you understandwhy they need it done and what they're trying to achieve. So it's not just enough to showthat you can get them interested, show that you understandtheir frustrations. That'swhere the twist comes in. And it's incredibly importantbecause we're going beyond just that, "Hey, I saw that you needed a graphic designer"and turning it into something more like, "I know that youneed this because X, Y, Z." If we're talking about anexample of a graphic designer, then what we need toshow is not just, Hey, I saw you that you needed agraphic designer and that'ssomething that I can do. That's not interesting. An effectivehook is gonna get them interested. A twist is going to keep them therebecause if you introduce with an effective hook and get them toopen up your proposal, but then twist the knife a little bitand show that you not only understand their frustrations, but how serious theyare and what they're trying to achieve, as in particular, a business owner, then you can really connect with whata person wants and show them that you, beyond others, understand why they're trying to do itand what they're trying to accomplish. And when you can do that effectively, you are going to putyourself head-and-shouldersabove so many of the other people on Upwork thatare just trying things. Here's where we startwriting our proposal. Let's say you're a graphic designer andyou found a job that looks like a pretty good fit before I write anything. The first thing that I'm gonna do is checkthe client's feedback history and see if their first name is there. I want to use it because it showsthem that right off the bat, I've personalized this cover letter inthis case, the client's name is John. So we're gonna start with, "Hey John." And while I'm checkingthe feedback history, I'm also looking to see eitherthere or in the description. If the name of John's business is there. So I can Google it and find out whatthey do because industry experience - and this is so weird 0 industry experiencecan be super powerful in your cover letters, which we'll get into in a minute, but for creating a powerful hookand twisting the knife a little bit, it can be really great too, because here's what you've gotta doaggressively put yourself in your client's shoes. Imagine you are John. What is frustrating you enough that youneed to hire someone to get this job done? Why is it so important to you? And the more that you knowabout John's business, the more you can put yourselfin his shoes. So in this case, John's running an e-commerce business.So if I'm John, what do I care about? I care about making sales, whichis called conversion in this case. Getting some productimages isn't my end goal. My end goal is to use them to make sales. Somebody visits our website, I wantthem to buy - as much as possible. And you being you a prographic designer, you know, a few things about how designplays into what John wants, great product images are probably gonnaconvert more customers and help John's business make more money.That's incredibly important, and we'll come back to that in thenext step for now to hook and twist, we wanna set the stakes. Whathappens if this goes wrong? How bad can it get if theydon't solve this problem? You don't want to go all death and despairin your proposal because let's face it. If John gets some OK product images, then it might not stoppeople from buying entirely. But the difference between good andgreat could cost John a million dollars depending on the size of John's business. But now that we've set the hookand twisted the knife a little bit, just enough back to thewhiteboard for step three. So once you've got the client interestedand you've shown that you understand their frustrations and you understandexactly what it is that's driving this need this decision for them to goand engage somebody like you then now it's time to save the day. Andthat's where you come in as kind of, you know, your own superheroin a way of "here I am, and I am a potentialgood fit for this job. I can do what it is that you need. I can get this job accomplished ina way that saves the day for you, especially when you've got so much atstake here." One of the things that's incredibly important about the Save theDay portion of this is you're not trying to oversell yourself. You want to keep this section very shortand sweet and make sure you just get straight to the point of what it isthat you can do and why you can do it a little bit better. If writing a proposal to a potentialUpwork client is like online dating, then most people are puttingway too much in there. Remember, this is not about you. It's about the clientand their problems 90%, and you are there as the 10% of"Here is me. Here's what I can do. And here's how I can potentially helpyou accomplish what it is that you need done." Step three is where you come in. You are a guide that can helpJohn accomplish his goals. And so we're gonna tailor how you talkabout yourself to align as closely as we can with John achieving hisgoals. Before we write it out. Notice how step three, which isabout you comes after step two, where we focused on John first. That's important because one of thesecrets to an effective proposal is not focusing on yourself first andputting the client first instead. When talking about yourself, always keepit short and sweet. Something like... Now we have to show John whyhe should be working with us. Let's go to the whiteboard. After you've established that you aresomebody that can potentially help this person, then we kind of needto give them a reason why. And so that's where the authorityportion of this comes in. This is what is probably going to scareyou the most because a lot of people feel awkward. I myself,especially in the beginning, but even still now feelawkward when talking aboutauthority and what it is that I have done and connecting that to howI can potentially help you as a client. It's one of the things that you needto get yourself out of your own mind and put yourself in the client'sshoes and start thinking about, "Hey, what am I looking for If I am theone hiring for this job? It's weird, I know - it's super awkward. I've struggled with this so much myself, but this part is incredibly importantbecause 88% of customers value reviews as much as they would apersonal recommendation here, we're going to use bits and piecesof your reviews to demonstrate that, you know what you're doing,you've done this before. Other people have loved you for it. And that it's been a reallysuccessful experience. 87% of customers check onlinereviews. And if you have any reviews, then you know that some are betterand more relevant than others. And the best ones might not show up onthe first page of your profile. Now, if you don't have any reviews,don't worry. We've got you covered. Stick around because later in the video,I'll tell you what to do here for now. You need to cherry-pick tiny snippetsfrom reviews and cut them down to make it easier for that client to find thebest pieces of them. For example, Mike, a former client might have written me awonderful two paragraph review talking about how excellent it was towork together. But guess what? People aren't gonna readMike's whole review! So I'm going to cut out that one tinysnippet and call it out in my proposal so that this person doesn't haveto study my entire backstory. I'm just giving John exactlywhat it is that he needs. Choose a maximum of three. Sofor this, we're gonna put... Relevance is incredibly important here.If I wanna work with John, then I wanna show him the reviews fromother eCommerce clients that I've worked with. Let's go to the whiteboard, And we're gonna talk moreabout that in step five. The best way that you can demonstrateauthority is by showcasing some of the results that you'veachieved for your clients. The same thing applies for thework examples that you provide. When you can show the results of whatit is that you can deliver to a client, then they're exponentially more likelyto work for you with your work examples. You shouldn't just be sending offevery single work example that you have available. It's actually really bad practice to dothat because if somebody is trying to hire you for a job thatinvolves web design, but you send them somethingthat is for social media design, then what's the connectionbetween those two things. The client is probably standingthere thinking like, Hey, why are you sending me this?This does not make sense. It's something totally differentfrom the thing that I actually need. Now you can include other examplesthat are not exactly what the client is looking for, but you have to kind of explain whyit is that you have included that and contextualize things so that theycan understand why it's relevant. The best thing that you can do in termsof showcasing the results that you deliver: Case studies.Let's get into that. Here, the first thing that we're gonna dois choose your work examples that best represent the work that this client needsyou to do and link them with maybe a little bit of explanation.If you have a work example, that's maybe a littlebit outside of that area, let's say it's like not e-commerce,but it's really awesome, then you can include it, but make a note saying that it's likea little bit of a different style, but it's still relevant example.This is more YouTube-focused, but it doubled conversion. Sofor this part, we're gonna put... This part is so important. And I wanna talk about this a littlebit more as you do more and more jobs on Upwork, the best thing you can do is check inon clients and see how the work that you did is helping them. It's a simple step of following up ina couple months after working together, for example, message them saying... The best thing you can do as yougrow is have those tangible results. And in most niches, you'll only know what those resultsare by following up with clients. If you're earlier on in your journey, then you're not gonnahave this results data. But that doesn't mean that you geta pass on giving work examples, but we'll talk more about that in a bit. Not everyone wants to open up links andsome people are weird about downloading attachments. So the easiest thing for you to do ismake it easy for potential clients by linking AND attaching yourwork examples. Do both. Then they can just choose whatthey want to do by the way, if you like this video and want me tomake more, just like it, then comment. This is awesome down below. Now, let's go back to the whiteboard becausehere's the thing about Upwork clients. Here's a stat that weget from Upwork itself. There are 770,000 totalclients on Upwork versus about 162,000 core clients, whichmeans clients aren't experts. They are not on theplatform every single day. Most clients have under$5,000 worth of total spend, which means you need to help them out alittle bit in terms of telling them what to do next, a simple "let's worktogether" isn't going to do it. If I'm a professional Upwork client, then I don't know what theheck you're talking about, of what I'm supposed to do. Whichbutton am I supposed to click? So it is your job to help thatclient and tell them, okay, "Here's what's going to happennext. Here's what I need you to do. Here's how we move forward."I need to reiterate: Upwork clients are not experts. They want to pay you to makethis easy for them. Otherwise, why would they be paying you? Youneed to guide them along the way, show them what they need to doto take that next step with you. Bear in mind that personalizedcalls to action convert 202% better than non-personalizedCTAs. So if possible, try to find a way to usetheir name again in your CTA. So here we're gonna write... But it's not over quite yet just becauseyou gave them a great call to action and next steps you're notdone yet. If you stopped here, then you'd be like everyone else whomisses their biggest opportunity with what we're gonna talk about. Next.Speaking of great calls to action. YouTube's been glitching out lately whereit unsubscribed a bunch of people to this channel. So check yoursubscribe button right now. If it's red, then you needto press subscribe again, then press the bell andnotifications and change it to all. Let's get into step sevenover the whiteboard. This is the crazieststat that I ever learned. And I'm so happy to talk about it. 79% of people read the PS. First, if you send them a message, 79% of people will read the PSfirst and they won't even read the core of the message. Like they'll go straight to theend and see what it says there. So that is so incredibly importantfor you to understand that the first thing that somebody's gonna checkout when you send them a proposal is going to be the end of it, actually.So in the end of your proposal, it is a huge opportunity for you tomake sure that you hammer it home and reinforce that you havepersonalized this message for them. You are interested and you are engagedand you have so many different things that you can build in, in thisPS. Things like creating urgency, creating a secondary call toaction, reinforcing your motivation, giving a little something extra andadding some more personalized thought. That is gonna mean that the client willpay more attention to this and realize, "wow, this is actually something thatthis person has really thought about," especially if that's the first thing thatthey are going to look at. It's great. It is the most wonderful opportunity. It's the most underutilized opportunityand you have to use it to hammer it home that you want this job.Here's how to do that. You can use the PS to create urgency,provide a secondary call to action, reinforce your motivation, give a little something extraor add personalized thought. I like to do multiple of these, but here's a couple ofexamples creating urgency. Providing a secondary call to action - somethingelse to do, like send me a message, giving a little somethingextra could sound like... Or adding extra personalizedthought can be, be very valuable. For this one, though, we're gonna add... Now you're gonna have questions. Like what about this instep five or step seven? Here's the thing I made a system foryou so that you can see what to do every step of the way. Let me showyou what this is all about. Every single video walkthrough hasactionable steps of what you should do at each phase. So that means that we're not justgiving you a ton of awesome proposal frameworks and saying, see you later, because that's just onepiece of the puzzle. We go into tons of depth onhow to find the best jobs, how to create a great profilethat will bring clients to you, show you how to manage your clients, get those five-star ratingsand ultimately get paid. And when you come out, the other end, you have all of the skills and frameworksthat you need to go and consistently get more work and raiseyour freelance rates. The results have beenabsolutely tremendous, but there's no guarantee becauseobviously I can't guarantee anything, just like building a system,just like starting freelancing. There's built-in risk andsome people will fail, but I've gone through every single stepand done my best to talk through every single pitfall so that you know where allthe traps are and can avoid the things that will make most people fail and focuson the most valuable things that will help you succeed and make it only amatter of time before you hit the $10K, $20K, $50K, or even $100K dollars mark. Like some of the people in our coursehave, because here's how I see it. As you know, I've spent over five years building myLance career and I've helped thousands of freelancers go and achievesuccess and achieve their goals. And it's really a functionof three things, time, strategy and skillsets. So this is important to understandbecause you can be sending proposals just forever. You can useall the time in the world, but if you don't have the skillsetsor the strategies that you need, then all the time in theworld, isn't going to help you. If you have a bunch of skills, butyou don't put any time into things, then all of that skill isnot going to help you at all. If you're never reaching out topeople. Same thing with strategy, which is a really critical pieceof this. You can have great skills, put a ton of time into things, butif you take the wrong strategies, then it's just not going to work. That is what all of this is forit's so that you can have the strategies that will allowyou to consistently be ableto build so many of these different things on your own. Whenyou have all three of these things, you are going to be aforce to be reckoned with. And when we're talking about skill sets, we're not just talkingabout the hard skills. Yes, you want to be outstanding at your job, but you need the skills to be able towrite proposals and consistently win jobs and do those jobs all the waythrough in order to be consistently successful on Upwork. The strategyportion of this is the most overlooked. It is the most missed. And this is tough for a lot of peoplebecause there's no structure on YouTube. It's mostly justa bag of tips and tricks. And there's a reason why I didn't wantto call this video tips and tricks. It's because there is a structure, there is a sequence that you need tofollow if you want to be consistently successful. So I told you that ifyou don't have any reviews already, then we've got you covered. If you're a beginner and you just don'thave any reviews, then that's fine. For your first proposals, youjust wouldn't include that part, but you do need to be working on it.And there are things that you can do, like for example, usingUpwork's testimonials feature. But there's probably a lotmore questions you have, like "what do I do if I don'tlike doing zoom meetings? What about if I don't know whatto do for my work examples? Or what's a good example for the nichethat I'm in or which clients should I even be targeting?" These are all thingsthat not only we cover in the system, but on top of that, we answer specificquestions in the Q&A inside the program. And the way I see it, there are two approaches and the firstis piecing it together on your own. Here's what that looks like, watchingall the YouTube videos on your own, trying to white-knuckle it alone andtrying to pull together those 10,000 tips or tricks and hope that maybethey'll win you a client or two. Yes, maybe it'll work, butit might take you years. And for most people they just don't havethat kind of time to just sit around and wait for a client torespond and hope for the best. But for some people that can work.And if that's what you decide to do, then that's totally fine with me. But my main issue with that is the factthat YouTube shows you things that are presented out of order, or thatmight not be relevant for you. And you might end up doinga bunch of things, right, but because of how YouTube works, you've ended up focusing on the wrongthings and it ends up taking you much longer to actually besuccessful and reach your goals. And that takes me to the second approach, which I'm obviously biased towardsbecause it's made me as of right now over $1.8 million on Upwork. And I think it is far superior becauseI see freelancers that don't use it. And I see those that do, and they are a lot more successfulthan those that don't. And that is: let me show you. I've taken notonly my tens of thousands of hours, I've spent working on Upwork, but also collaborated with other highearning and $1 million+ freelancers. And if there's one thing that I thinkdifferently about Upwork it's that I believe that you canmake Upwork work for you. I believe that you are in control andthat the only one responsible for your success is you. I believethat Upwork is predictable. And I believe that with the rightstrategies, skill sets, time and mindset, anyone can be successful in earningnot just a full time income, but far above and beyond, nomatter where you are in the world, even if you're in the middle of nowhereand you have no other options for work, you can do it. After all, that wasme when I started and I did it. If you're watching at this point, then you're probably saying perhapsthere is something that Evan needs to address here. And that is oftentimes I'llhave people come to me and say, "Hey, Evan, this looks awesome, but I just don't have money for itright now." And what often follows is something to the effect of, "As soon asI make enough money from freelancing, then I'll do it." The biggestproblem: In most cases, that is the hardest thing because you'reworking through the hardest stuff in the beginning and you'reworking through it alone. I don't want you to put yourself ina bad position, but in most cases, there are more resources than werealize that are available to us. And if there's any way for youto scrape it together sooner, then it would save you time and payitself off faster for you. In fact, if all this program did was get you tothe success that you're looking for two months sooner, then it would'veentirely paid for itself. And I'm also finding that people make itto the success that they're looking for much sooner than that. In fact, if you want some stories of peoplewho have been successful with it, it's on freelancemvp.com. Go look atit right now and we'll see you there. So first off, congratulations for making it allthe way to this part of the video. I'm actually gonna remove this partof the video because I wanted to do something special for the people whowatched this in the first couple of weeks. I wanna say thank you from the bottom ofmy heart for keeping me going with all of your relentlesspositivity and motivation. Every single time I see your supportivecomments - and I do see them - it literally lights up my day. AndI wanna say, thank you for that. Every time you share myvideos on your socials, I get just so energized to do more. And you might have seen it inthe comments on the other videos, but all the time people are sayinghow much this has helped them. And it makes me so happy to help sharewhat I've learned so that more people all over the world can do betterand help their families. Now you might not knoweverything about my backstory, but when I started on Upwork,I was literally flat broke. I had $10.21 in my bank accountand I had no other options. And I know that other peoplemight be in similar situations, and it makes me so incredibly happywhen I hear things like "I can finally support my family" and "I'm on the pathto financial freedom." It's incredible. It is like actual magic andI want that impact to spread. So we're gonna put a discountcode on screen for you right now. It's my way of saying thanks to you andthat I want you to succeed in the same way that you are helpingme succeed. Bear in mind, like this is gonna go away pretty quickly, because we're gonna just editthis portion of the video out, but I want you to do two things: First I want you to just drop a likeand leave a comment on the video with #Iwashere. So when we look back on this, I know who's an OG member of theFreelance Fam and I want send you all the love. And the second thingis go and use that discount code. Get into the course because now is thetime. I'll see you in there. Peace.

 VIDEO 4 the best upward cover letter calls to action i've written thousands of upwork proposals and these are the best call to actions that i've found remember when sending your upwork proposals you're not trying to get hired off of a single message it just doesn't make sense what you are trying to do is get them to respond to you and these are the best ones that i've found for each one i'm going to talk through also why exactly they work if it sounds like a good fit then let's connect today here's how click the green send a message button send me a message and feel free to let me know any other details you think might be relevant press the green schedule meeting button then and choose a time for a zoom meeting this one is tried and true understand that not every client is an expert on upwork and knows exactly what they should be doing for the most part it's actually the opposite most upward clients actually don't know exactly what comes next or what they should be doing so you're guiding them and giving them the exact next steps that they should be taking if they want to go forward with you one thing that you've got to know about this one you have to have your calendar configured and linked to up work otherwise none of this is going to work to move forward the best next step would be to meet up on a quick zoom to chat more about the project and see if we're a fit just message me below and we'll get it set up some clients just don't like to have to read through multiple steps so try this straightforward one out and see how it performs shoot me a message and let's get together simple is beautiful this one is as straightforward as it gets bare bones straight to the point you're not messing around you're not writing a long long long message of like here's what here's everything that you have to do and here's what you have to think about no this is direct to the point as quick as you can get there want to learn more about how we can get this done shoot me a message and we'll talk more this one is perfect when you've hinted in your cover letter of what exactly you can do for the client but you haven't given them a hundred percent of exactly what they need to go run off and do it themselves basically they've got to speak with you and that's the next step then you spice it up a little bit by just pointing them to the fact that yeah send me a message and we'll talk about the next logical steps in working together this one is actually really great for creating intrigue and just getting people to take that extra step with you i'd love to get together and talk through your project and what's important to you are you free for a call right now with this we're basically taking advantage of the moment there's no time like the present right you're also showing that you're focused on what's important to them to that client and that is doing a great job on this so you've got to meet up and talk through more but you also work in a little bit of urgency so that we're not talking about hey let's let's do a call next week or let's do a call uh you know in three weeks from now that is going to just kill it for you instead you're jumping on the moment and if that client happens to be online then they might just jump on a call with you right now that is like a mega win because if you were the first person that they talk to and you can do the job and they like you and say okay let's go forward together they're not going to be talking to anybody else they're going to be working with you already can you get together today to discuss i have a few spots this afternoon at 1 pm 2 30 p.m and 4 p.m est just let me know what works and we'll set it up same principle here in this one nothing beats getting in touch with a client faster than anybody else because choosing a freelancer is often like finding something that you lost in your house it's always in the last place that you look because after you found it you stopped looking one thing about this though you've got to personalize it to yourself to your own time zone what times that you work and what time's that day that you are actually available because you don't want them like saying hey let's get on a call and you're not available so you want to provide multiple specific times that you can meet spread out over the period of a day ideally that day being today my schedule is pretty full for this coming week but i can actually meet now are you available for a quick chat this one is great if you have the upwork app installed and you really want to win clients and their time zone is not really too far from yours because you'll see when they respond and so long as you're awake you can get together and like basically hop on a call extremely quickly you can also add something here to the effect of otherwise shoot me a message and i continue my scheduling link to set up a time just bear in mind with this that you are watering down your call to action by giving them a way out and allowing them to meet with you a little bit later or another time realistically your best bet if they are online and if they have seen your message then you want them on the phone you want them on a zoom right now next step would be to set up a call where we'll cover your current situation where you want to be and how i can potentially help you get there it's always really helpful for clients to know what the road ahead with you is you can give them a couple of the subjects that you're going to cover on the call that you'll do got to personalize this to yourself bear in mind not only will that get them thinking but they'll also get more mentally invested in potentially working with you because you've asked them some thought-provoking questions that get their mind running and get them thinking hey what about this thing that we're going to be talking about more engagement the better off you are one real ninja tip on this customize those bullet points of what you're going to cover on a call to the most important topics that you are typically going to need in order to fully scope out your job so for example if we're talking about a video editor job then how long is the resulting video that you're looking for what sort of style are there any specific channels or videos that you really really like and that you want to emulate in this job or if you're a graphic designer then what exactly are we looking for as a deliverable what kind of file outputs do you need is there a specific color scheme or brand book that you're going to be needing to follow these kind of things are what you want to personalize those bullet points to be so that when you get on a call that client is already ready exactly with the things that you're going to need to be able to tell them by the end of the call okay yep i have an idea of how long it's going to take how much it's going to be and when you do this correctly by the end of the call the client should be able to press that green higher button and you should be able to get straight to work okay so this next one is a little bit advanced my plate is filling up but i have two spots left i think there could be a fit here so why don't we hop on a call to talk about your needs i can hold a spot for you either later today at 3 30 pm or tomorrow at 11am do either of those times work for you i'm looking forward in some of the examples before we're talking about things that we wanted to do this specific day right that's called urgency in this case we're talking about scarcity where you don't have a ton of time to be able to sit down and meet you are a time-limited individual who is in high demand this is a scarcity tactic and it can be very effective if you have a bit of experience under your belt and you do great work now it's not for the faint of heart but if you put in a lot of work on your profile and your work examples then it can be a powerhouse and getting meetings booked if you haven't done that already then check out this video right here why don't we hop on a quick call and talk about what you're looking for i should be able to get you an answer on whether we're a fit with just a few minutes chat lots of clients are looking for things fast pointing to the fact that you'll be able to quickly give them an answer about their job can be a great way to basically be the first person to get them on a quick call or even just to exchange messages with you be careful with this one though because when you get on a quick call with people and it's going well people often want to go longer because they feel like they when they found the right person like they just want to ask you everything and so you don't want to be giving away your time for free you've got to limit the amount of time that you spend on that call in order to make sure that yeah at some point in time you are going to press the green higher button and start tracking time for the advice and expertise that you're giving make sure to like comment and subscribe that's all i got for now i will see you in the next one [Music]

VIDEO 5
 Why haven't you made any money? But Mom, I've been sendingUpwork proposals for weeks! What are you writing? Are you sure it's good? But the guy said he madea lot of money with it! Can't you check how much they made? What?! Today I'm gonna give youyour new Upwork proposal. It's earned me over million dollarsand it's gonna change your life. But first you need to understand that86% of the people who sign up for Upwork never earn a single dollar. Here's the top three reasons why the 86percenters are failing and what you're not gonna do. They focus on themselvesinstead of on what the client wants. Here's a test: If the firstword of your proposals is "I", then you're definitely gonna want tosteal my entire cover letter template. They go for quantity over quality. These people think that just sendingmore proposals is the goal. It's not. If you change fewer than 10 wordsevery time you send a cover letter... You are playing a very dangerous game. They send rapid-fire proposals. If you spend less than a minutereading the job description, reviewing the client'spast feedback and stats, and incorporating that into yourcover letter to help you stand out, then that's how people fail andquit Upwork forever. Starting today. You don't do any of that anymore. You're not gonna be an 86 percenterbecause today I'm gonna give you one, not-so-obvious tip that will help yousupercharge your Upwork game. But first, I'm gonna show you this cover letter. It's earned me over a million dollarsand I've taught this cover letter structure to both beginner and experiencedfreelancers who have used it to win countless jobs, and you can too. You're showing you're a great fit andyou understand the client's struggles and frustration. You've solved this problem for otherclients before and they think you're awesome. The insane results you achieve foryour clients show that you're different and that you can achieve the same kindof results that your potential client wants too. You're giving them a crystalclear your next step. At this point, you're probablyasking: "But wait a second, Evan, this one's for Tom, the videoeditor. I'm not a video editor. I'm in a totally different niche. Howdo I customize it so it works for me?" Well, if you want to download the cover letterand watch a full video walkthrough on how to customize it foryourself and your niche, then the link is in the descriptionbelow. You're also probably saying: "But hold on a second. You just toldme that copy paste is the enemy. Are you now telling me that Ishould copy paste this forever?" No! We're not just aboutgetting out of the 86%. We're about going fromthe 14% to the 0.14%. And so the one tip to superchargeyour upward game experiment. You've gotta experiment with differentcover letters and to do that, watch this video right here to learnyour next cover letter. But mom!

VIDEO 6  Life on Upwork isn't all sunshine androses. Sometimes you have a dry spell. Here's what I do when things aren'tworking and clients just aren't responding to my proposals. The first thing that I do is I try andlook inward and be honest with myself. I'm the only person that isresponsible for my own success. So I only get out what I put in and mostof the time it means that I need to be more consistent with applying to jobsand just staying on top of responding to clients. I've probably dropped the ball and Iprobably haven't put it in as much work as I should have done. So the first thing that I do is I jumpback on Upwork and just start applying to jobs as fast as I can. I'm not justsending out any old proposals, though. I'm making sure that every timethat I send out a proposal, it's going to be reallywell received by the client, tailored to what it is that they need, and it's gonna be verytightly matched to that job. Another thing that I do is Igo back and improve my profile. One of the traps that a lot of freelancersfall into is they set it and forget it. They create a profile that theythink is absolutely perfect, and it's gonna work forever. And guesswhat? It doesn't. It doesn't work for me, and it's definitely not gonna work foranybody else to just leave something there as-is forever. What youhave to do is always be improving, always go back and try and get at least5% better every single time you edit. And if things just aren't workingthe way that you want them to, well, change something! Try something new. I'm always going back and checking onwhat can I do? How can I improve this? I'm not just improving my profile, though. I'm also trying to upskill myself becauseit's not just about improving your profile though. You also haveto be improving your skillset. I have read so many articles.I have read so many books. I have taken so many courses acrossthe years I've been on Upwork and every single time I'm always improvingmyself with then in eyes of clients, if I'm a higher skilled person, I'mgonna get hired more. So upskilling, hugely, hugely important. And if you have a down period wherepeople just aren't hiring you, then try improving yourskillset and watch what happens.

 VIDEO 7 if you're not doing this one simple thing you're missing out on twice as many jobs as you could have had best part it's dead simple to start implementing today right now or in about four-ish minutes when this video's over a common issue all freelancers share on upwork is all the time that they spend crafting those beautifully written shakespearean cover letters that are perfectly suited to the job and then nothing crickets or in most cases not even crickets just pure utter silence it's extremely frustrating and can leave you feeling deflated and want to throw in the towel on upwork in general and most people do you're not going to be as people first and foremost you must have a strong profile this includes creating an eye-catching portfolio that showcases all of your best work not all your work just your best work that's relevant to the jobs that you're looking to get if you're a web designer don't showcase your amazing skills in oil painting it might be great art but it doesn't help you get web design clients your profile is like your resume so make sure that it's up to date and that there are no typos or grammatical errors when applying for jobs don't go through and click apply on everything take the time to read through the job description and make sure that you're a good fit before you apply showcase your skills and highlight your experience in your profile so clients can see what you have to offer them in addition to building a strong profile you should also put some effort into promoting yourself on upwork sell yourself in a way that will attract the attention of potential clients there are a few different ways you can do this writing articles blog posts or just simply being active in the community forums i've made long-term relationships with clients worth tens of thousands of dollars after they reached out to me after organically coming across a simple blog post i wrote discussing a topic in my niche reading my post made them want to check out my upwork profile and get in touch good thing i created my profile using the suggestions i mentioned earlier check out my ultimate guide to creating the perfect upwork profile right here if you want a more in-depth look on how to do that okay great got it strong portfolio marketing yadda yadda but the one simple thing you must do today to get more clients is to including irresistible call to action in your proposal now this could be just a simple sentence like shoot me a message and let's connect or let's book a call this week and discuss your project or what time slots are you free to chat today that's it this is how you can drastically increase your chances of getting hired over all of the other applicants it's going to prompt the client to take immediate action so it's important that your cta is clear concise and persuasive easier that you can make it for the client to take that next step the better don't let them just guess or have to think about how to proceed the client is not an expert on upwork like you you need to guide them along the way the path of least resistance is usually the one most followed so think about it this way i brush my teeth twice a day i swear i do but it helps that my toothbrush is always sitting there on the bathroom counter just ready to be used if that same toothbrush were in the trunk of my car at the end of the street locked inside a safe then would i be as likely to brush twice a day i don't know there are a bunch of different ctas that you can use in your job proposals at first i suggest trying out three different ones tracking their effectiveness on a basic spreadsheet which cta got people to click the most which one got the most clients to reach out to you depending on your industry a good cta isn't a one-size-fits-all kind of thing a copywriter is not going to have the same cta as a video editor who's going to say hey come check out my demo reel or look at my imdb page click the link in the description below to get 10 of the most effective ctas i use when submitting freelance job proposals by simply adding one of these to your proposal i guarantee you'll get at least twice the number of clients that you did before and if you want to develop a dynamite proposal for yourself from scratch then check out this video right here and i'll see you there

VIDEO 8  I made over 1.5 million dollars on my first four years on Upwork  Today I'm going to give you the five weirdest Upwork cover letters that helped me become the   highest earning Upwork freelancer in the world. Watch this to the end because the last one has   earned me over $150,000 worth of work and it's gonna totally blow your mind - but first here's   what most people are doing totally wrong in their Upwork proposals: Dear Hiring Manager:...   -Why you talk like strange person? I couldn't help but notice your job posting on Upwork! -Oh thank you, Captain Obvious! I was excited to see that you are seeking a Digital Marketer...  -Yeah of course I need ze Digital Marketer, I put ze job on "Upworks" myself! My experience as a Social Media Manager is so much more extensive than what I saw described in the job description... -So you're like overqualified? I currently manage all of the Social Media accounts for a local restaurant including Instagram, Facebook, Twitter... -Okay yeah, you're overqualified. I go find someone cheaper now! I believe that my skills can help you reach your goals faster. -Why you are talking about self so much? I am the important one. I am excited about the possibility of working with you on this project... -Oh no, maybe possible you go find   other job! Please let me know if you would like to see more examples of my work... -No ...or hear   more about my experience in this field... -Haha No. ...thank you for your time and consideration   -No thank you! Please hire me! Okay sank you, bye bye! Let's get into the weird stuff that actually   works. Number five has won me over $100,000 worth of Upwork jobs. Hey I reviewed your job,   and did a bit of background research. Would you be able to fill in a few blanks? Then add three   really good questions that will help you scope out the job and just get a better feel for it, like:   Do you have any specific examples of what you want as an end product? How long until you need   a final version? and What's your budget for this project? Close it with something like: Thanks,   looking forward to hearing from you on this. And sign your name. The most important part about   this: Just ask a few great questions. The better your questions, the more likely you'll be to get   a response from the client. You can even take this one further by asking a targeted question   about the client's struggles and frustrations, like "how is not having this done impacting your   business or costing you money?" Go ahead - ask about the client's frustrations! They want to   tell you about their struggles. Then it's just up to you to decide if you're the one to solve those   problems for them. And by the way on all of these Upwork proposals you should be experimenting, and   just seeing what fits for you, seeing what's going to work in your niche. Here's another one for you:   Hey Mike, seems like an awesome fit. I've helped other clients like ABC products and XYZ company   boost their sales in the same way that you're looking for. I attached an example so you can get   a feel for the level of quality that I produce. Let's jump on a call and talk specifics? Tim. This   one is short and sweet for a reason. You're going for maximum three to four sentences. Basically you   just want to see how the clients respond, because not every proposal has to be: it slices, it dices,   it does everything you need. Sometimes you just need to get in, get out, and just get the job.   This next one is especially good when you spend a lot of time on creating awesome work examples: hey   Jim I'm ready when you are. Send me a message and let's hop on a call to discuss. PS - here's a few   of what my work examples you can check out. And you just pop in a couple of your URL links to the   work examples in your portfolio. This one super short and that is very much intentional. Clients   want to see what they can get with you, and if you have great work examples then this one is going to   put those front and center. This next one works super well when you have a very well-defined job,   when you know exactly what you need to do. It's for graphic designers but you can modify it to   make it your own if you want: Hey Mike I'm ready to rock on this project, here's what I need from   you to in order to get started. #1: shoot me your color scheme logo and design assets. #2: press   the green Hire Now button in the top right corner and press Send Offer. #3 Send me a message for the   times that you can meet for a quick 30-minute Zoom tomorrow. What you'll get from working together:   three different design variations, web optimized image exports including PNG JPEG and WEBP, the   fully editable PSD source file and final delivery on October 17th. Looking forward. Tim. When you're able to really fully scope out something it can be very useful for clients to just look at your   proposal and know exactly what it is that you're going to be doing together how long it's going to   take and what they're going to get on the other side and what they need to do next in order to   get started. Now for the weirdest one of them all I have personally won over $150,000 from this one including one single job for $25,500 It's beautiful and as long as you have great work examples and a super clean Upwork profile then I promise that when you use it correctly it can be tremendously powerful Know what else is tremendously powerful? Setting the notification Bell to all. It's the most powerful thing that you can do to help me on YouTube. So I will make you a deal here. I will tell you the story of how I discovered this and at the end if you are like WOW I gotta use that then you gotta set that Bell to all do we have a deal  I'm gonna hold you to it. Now that we've shaken I'll tell you how I discovered it. I was working   for like a tiny little startup company and there was somebody that I really really really needed   to talk to his name was Guillermo he was the CEO of a billion dollar business like super important   very very busy guy and I was only able to get him on the phone like once or twice but then we   got to the point where like I need Guillermo to approve a multi-million dollar deal before the   end of the month. If we seal the deal, my company makes millions but if we didn't then my business   probably would have gone bankrupt but here was the problem I couldn't get Guillermo on the phone he   was crazy busy with people that were obviously like a lot more important than like little old   me and this tiny company that I was working for. So I'm like, all right how do I how do I get this   guy on the phone? I just keep trying him on the phone and it doesn't work nothing's working so   I'm like all right let's try email. So I email him once, send him a message. No response. I email him   very politely a second time. Again, no response. This guy just would not respond to me! You know that's   okay but I'm like sitting here pulling my hair out, because for two weeks he's just not responding and   if I can't get this guy on the phone, then this deal doesn't get done, and if the deal doesn't   get done, then the company that I'm working for literally shuts down and I lose my job and can't   pay my bills, so my career was literally on the line and I had to get this guy to just respond.   I can't send him another polite email because nobody wants somebody who's desperate and needy,   right? So I'm sitting there, just like freaking out, thinking "we gotta figure something out because   otherwise everyone's getting fired here" but then I had a moment. Out of nowhere, I had what   I can only describe as an epiphany. I knew EXACTLYwhat I had to write in order to just get this guy   to RESPOND. I go to my laptop giddy like a Schoolboy and I bash out this email and I hit   Send - and I am absolutely certain that Guillermo is gonna respond. I have used the same strategy   to get clients to respond on Upwork and have earned over $150,000 because of this one weird Upwork cover letter:Attach your work examples, and write: so at this point you're probably thinking: Um hey Evan? I think you might have forgotten to include   the body of the message here. Guillermo thought that too because when we had a multi-million   dollar deal and a company's future on the line and this guy hadn't responded to me in weeks, I   sent him this exact message. And he responded two hours later saying:  then I sent him the email that I really wanted to send him, and blamed it on you know some   glitch. I got him to RESPOND! And we did that deal. Speaking of deals:  while you do that there's three more extremely important things that I have to tell you about   this number one if you want to take it to the next level then use that person's first name like   this. #2: try different things. For example different variations. #3: You have to try these cover   letters out but understand that they're not for everybody. But if you need a solid strong   cover letter that's going to consistently get you jobs then check out the next video right over here.


